blog/README.md, before:

# A Quick and Dirty Rails based blog

   * setup your computer for Ruby on Rails development.  [Rails Installer](http://railsinstaller.org/) is a good start point for Windows and OSX, if you're running Linux, I imagine you know how to use your package manager to set it up.  This [setup for Ubuntu](http://coding.smashingmagazine.com/2011/06/21/set-up-an-ubuntu-local-development-machine-for-ruby-on-rails/) might be a good start point.
   * Create a rails project in the blog directory

            $ rails new blog

   * Go into the blog directory and start

            $ cd blog

   * Create a scaffold for your blog

            $ rails generate scaffold Post title:string content:text
            $ rake db:migrate


   * Remove the index.html

       $ rm public/index.html

   * Setup your routes to go to the blog index by changing config/routes.rb to

            App::Application.routes.draw do
               resources :posts
               root :to => "posts#index"
            end

   * Run the server and when it's up [check it out](http://localhost:3000)

            $ rails s

   * Congratulations, you now have a functional but "butt ugly" (the technical term) blog, make it a little less ugly and clunky. Do what you can. Suggestions:
       - Better (any) styling
       - Change of labels
       - Change of layout - have the index look more like a blog showing the whole blog article, or a larger portion with a "read the rest"
       - Additional functionality, esp. that showing Ruby and/or other web development skills for extra credit

# README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...

Commit message:

Add note in README to use `rails action_text:install` when setting up

blog/README.md, after:

# Setup Notes

You may need to set up Action Text before running the server.

```bash
rails action_text:install
```

# A Quick and Dirty Rails based blog

   * setup your computer for Ruby on Rails development.  [Rails Installer](http://railsinstaller.org/) is a good start point for Windows and OSX, if you're running Linux, I imagine you know how to use your package manager to set it up.  This [setup for Ubuntu](http://coding.smashingmagazine.com/2011/06/21/set-up-an-ubuntu-local-development-machine-for-ruby-on-rails/) might be a good start point.
   * Create a rails project in the blog directory

            $ rails new blog

   * Go into the blog directory and start

            $ cd blog

   * Create a scaffold for your blog

            $ rails generate scaffold Post title:string content:text
            $ rake db:migrate


   * Remove the index.html

       $ rm public/index.html

   * Setup your routes to go to the blog index by changing config/routes.rb to

            App::Application.routes.draw do
               resources :posts
               root :to => "posts#index"
            end

   * Run the server and when it's up [check it out](http://localhost:3000)

            $ rails s

   * Congratulations, you now have a functional but "butt ugly" (the technical term) blog, make it a little less ugly and clunky. Do what you can. Suggestions:
       - Better (any) styling
       - Change of labels
       - Change of layout - have the index look more like a blog showing the whole blog article, or a larger portion with a "read the rest"
       - Additional functionality, esp. that showing Ruby and/or other web development skills for extra credit

# README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...
